Add documentation for the new API. (#41)
cobaltspeech/sdk-diatheke: docs-src/v2/content/sessions/update.md

{{< tab "Python" "python" >}}
# Update the session with an ASR result returned previously.
session = client.process_asr_result(session.token, result)
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "C++" "c++" >}}
// Example coming soon!
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Swift/iOS" "swift" >}}
// Example coming soon!
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Java/Android" "java" >}}
// Example coming soon!
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}

## Process Text
Text supplied by a user may be used directly to update a session. This is
usually called in response to a [Wait For User Action](../actions/#wait-for-user-action).

{{< tabs >}}

{{< tab "Go" "go" >}}
// Update the session with text.
text := "what's the weather forecast for today"
session, err = client.ProcessText(context.Background(), session.Token, text)
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Python" "python" >}}
# Update the session with text.
text = "what's the weather forecast for today"
session = client.process_text(session.token, text)
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "C++" "c++" >}}
// Example coming soon!
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Swift/iOS" "swift" >}}
// Example coming soon!
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Java/Android" "java" >}}
// Example coming soon!
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}

## Process Command Result

> After receiving a [Command Action](../actions/#command-action), the SDK
> app should always update the session with a command result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After receiving a [Command Action](../actions/#command-action), the client
app performs the appropriate business logic, then should always update the session with the result.
```

> app should always update the session with a command result.

Author: Yes, each CommandAction maps to a single `client.ProcessCommandResult` call. The updates in your example are essentially system initiated alerts, so the way to handle them would be to have the application use the `SetStory` method.

{{< tab "Go" "go" >}}
// Always use the original command ID in the result
result := diathekepb.CommandResult{Id: cmd.Id}

// If there are any output parameters expected by the model,
// add them to the result.
result.OutParameters = map[string]string{"key": "val"}

// If there was a fatal error, set the error message in the result.
result.Error = "I died"

// Update the session with the result
session, err = client.ProcessCommandResult(context.Background(), session.Token, &result)
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Python" "python" >}}
# Always use the original command ID in the result
result = diatheke.CommandResult(id=cmd.id)

# If there are any output parameters expected by the model,
# add them to the result.
result.out_parameters["key"] = "val"

# If there was a fatal error, set the error message in the result.
result.error = "I died"

# Update the session with the result
session = client.process_command_result(session.token, result)
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "C++" "c++" >}}
// Example coming soon!
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Swift/iOS" "swift" >}}
// Example coming soon!
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Java/Android" "java" >}}
// Example coming soon!
{{< /tab >}}

{{< /tabs >}}

## Set Story

> The `SetStory` method of the API may be used to update a session to run
> from a specified "story" in the model. This method is particularly useful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SetStory` method of the API may be used to update a session to begin running
from a specified "story" in the model. This method is particularly useful
```
